npm install nodemon
npm install express
npm install express body-parser mongoose cors logger
npm install morgan
npm i helmet
npm i dotenv
npm i nodemailer
npm i jsonwebtoken
npm i bcrypt


user:

  "email": "freetoweb7@gmail.com",
  "password": "password123"

Admin:
  "email": "admin1@collegites.tech",
  "password": "admin@123"

Moderator:
  "email": "Moderator1@collegites.tech",
  "password": "Moderator1@123"
  
Server.js
 How is it better than what noramally used in my previous server.js ->
 The normalizePort() function has been removed. This function is no longer necessary because the app.listen() method can now handle both port numbers and named pipes.
 The onError() and onListening() functions have been removed. These functions are no longer necessary because the app.listen() method now emits an error event and a listening event.
 The debug() function has been removed. This function is no longer necessary because the console.log() method can now be used to log messages to the console.

APP.js
 How is it better than what noramally used in my previous app.js ->
 Used the module.exports keyword to export the app object. This will allow you to use the app object in other files.
 Add error handling to the mongoose.connect() method. This will ensure that the code gracefully handles errors that occur when connecting to the database.
 Use the body-parser middleware to parse the request body. This will allow you to access the data that is submitted in the request body.
 Use the cors middleware to allow cross-origin requests. This will allow the app to be accessed from other domains.
 Use the logger middleware to log requests and responses. This will help you to debug the app and track its performance.
 The express.static() middleware was added to the app.use() method. This will allow the app to serve static files, such as images and CSS files.
 The helmet middleware was added to the app.use() method. This will protect the app from common security vulnerabilities.



 Delete This
 starting
 6/20 
 3:28 - user routes